RD-1468 Blueprint labels docs (#1787)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/developer/blueprints/spec-blueprint-labels.md

---
layout: bt_wiki
title: Blueprint Labels
category: Blueprints
draft: false
weight: 600
aliases: /blueprints/spec-blueprint-labels/
---

> `blueprint-labels` are useful for automatically attach labels to the blueprint. The labels are saved in lowercase. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`blueprint-labels` are used to tag the blueprint object (unlike `labels` which tag the deployment). `blueprint-labels` are used for automatically attaching labels to the blueprint. The labels are saved in lowercase. 
```

Author: Thanks, changed.
